hey guys making a video here in my
garage we are working on what seems like
a defective Alpine the SPE PXA H 800
this unit here the box it came in and
here's the actual unit set up here with
some some water so I've got the power
and ground and then that switch is the
remote which would normally come from
the head unit in this case is just wired
a 12 volts and on this side I've got
audio in that's coming from my laptop's
headphone jack here and then this side
we're just using channel one that's
audio out and that's going to Yamaha
amplifier in the back it's playing
through the speakers in the garage so
we're powering this thing with a bench
power supply it's regulated out thirteen
five volts which is about what a running
car would have and then for an audio
source here I'm just using winamp and
some streaming internet music so let's
do the first test so we will turn on the
remote line here and then we will run
the sound manager software which should
turn unit on which it did now god I
Oh
I've down a bit now on the software
hopefully that can focus for me you
notice right in the center there there's
a temperature in yellow area it's
focusing there so I just started it it's
pretty cool right now temperature is
about 95 Fahrenheit 35 centigrade but
you can see it's climbing right it's
climbing a couple degrees Fahrenheit
every 30 seconds or so that's because
the unit is drawing about 860 milliamps
current of course that's going to
generate heat and so we'll just let it
run for a while and let the temperature
get up there and I'll start the video
again once it's once it's warmed up all
right we're back took about four or five
minutes to reach about 107 Fahrenheit
almost 42 centigrade and know the unit's
pretty good in heart now so it's been
running for five minutes it's warmed up
you know you might have driven from your
house to the corner store or jumped out
for you know milk or pop or whatever and
jump back in your car and you turn your
stereo on and so we'll just flip the
remote line here so DSP units gone off
software doesn't like that it shuts down
says I can't talk to the Box anymore
that's fine now what we'll do is we will
immediately flip the remote line back on
so you've just turned your head unit
back on basically start up the software
units come back on no problem right
except what are you not hear you don't
hear the music the music's playing
there's no audio coming out of the
stereo the
is the problem this unit seems to be
suffering from some kind of overheat
condition I've done a few tests now
seems to kick in about 100 and 600 point
5 106.5 fahrenheit roughly up to 107 and
then it stops it just stops outputting
there's nothing there's nothing coming
out of these output jacks
I checked it with this scope obviously
it's look at the stereo you hear it
nothing comes out but if you shut the
unit off here and then wait a few
minutes for it to cool down if you let
it cool down seems to be about you know
102 or so it'll come back on and I'll
resume when it when I've let it cool off
a bit
alright we're zoomed should be cool by
now let's flip the remote line back on
and then we will run the software
software's open boxes on hey presto the
music's back on so let's check the
temperature here when it loads
deft focus
anyway it's about 92.3 is what it's
saying here so this is very repeatable I
mean this is a this is a benchtop setup
you know it's very easy for me to task
different temperatures which I have as I
said I found it goes off at about 106.5
Fahrenheit if you if you toggle the unit
on and off it it doesn't come back on so
until it cools down so clearly there's
some kind of heat issue here and I will
probably be sending this one back to the
to the retailer but I'll try and get a
hold Alpine first and see what they say
alright thanks for watching